Support for changing alpn on listener callback (#2418) (#2959)
microsoft/msquic: docs/api/QUIC_LISTENER_EVENT.md

QUIC_LISTENER_EVENT structure
======

The payload for QUIC listener events.

# Syntax

```C
typedef struct QUIC_LISTENER_EVENT {
    QUIC_LISTENER_EVENT_TYPE Type;
    union {
        struct {
            const QUIC_NEW_CONNECTION_INFO* Info;
            HQUIC Connection;
            const uint8_t* NewNegotiatedAlpn;
        } NEW_CONNECTION;
        struct {
            BOOLEAN AppCloseInProgress  : 1;
            BOOLEAN RESERVED            : 7;
        } STOP_COMPLETE;
    };
} QUIC_LISTENER_EVENT;
```

# Parameters

`Type`

The `QUIC_LISTENER_EVENT_TYPE` that indicates which type of event this is, and which payload to reference (if any) for additional information.

# Remarks

## QUIC_LISTENER_EVENT_NEW_CONNECTION

This event is delivered when a new connection is received by the listener.

`Info`

This field indicates the [QUIC_NEW_CONNECTION_INFO](QUIC_NEW_CONNECTION_INFO.md) structure for the new connection.

`Connection`

This field indicates the valid handle to the new incoming connection.

`NewNegotiatedAlpn`

> This field is optional to set. If you want to set, this field **must** indicate a valid address on the ClientAlpnList.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This field is optional to set. If you want to set, this field **must** indicate a valid address on the `ClientAlpnList` of the `QUIC_NEW_CONNECTION_INFO`.
```

> If you do not set this field, server will use the first matching ALPN in the ClientAlpnList.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not set this field, server will use `NegotiatedAlpn` in the `QUIC_NEW_CONNECTION_INFO`.
```
